 “paprika hendl,”

‘Ha, ha! a stranger!’


Polly, or the widow, or maybe Mary. Aunt Polly—Tom’s Aunt Polly, she
is—and Mary, and the Widow Douglas is all told about in that book,
which is mostly a true book, with some stretchers, as I said before.

I set down again, a-shaking all over, and got out my pipe for a smoke;
for the house was all as still as death now, and so the widow wouldn’t
know. Well, after a long time I heard the clock away off in the town go
boom—boom—boom—twelve licks; and all still again—stiller than ever.
Pretty soon I heard a twig snap down in the dark amongst the
trees—something was a stirring. I set still and listened. Directly I
could just barely hear a “_me-yow! me-yow!_” down there. That was good!
Says I, “_me-yow! me-yow!_” as soft as I could, and then I put out the
light and scrambled out of the window on to the shed. Then I slipped
down to the ground and crawled in among the trees, and, sure enough,
there was Tom Sawyer waiting for me.





I began this desperate voyage on February 15, 1714–15, at nine o’clock
in the morning. The wind was very favourable; however, I made use at
first only of my paddles; but considering I should soon be weary, and
that the wind might chop about, I ventured to set up my little sail;
and thus, with the help of the tide, I went at the rate of a league and
a half an hour, as near as I could guess. My master and his friends
continued on the shore till I was almost out of sight; and I often
heard the sorrel nag (who always loved me) crying out, “_Hnuy illa
nyha_, _majah Yahoo_;” “Take care of thyself, gentle _Yahoo_.”

a
b


c

1


2

3
